minor updates to release process steps (#408)
SUSE/connect-ng: PACKAGE.md

Reviewer: I recently learned that the `--no-verify` flag also disables the rpmlint verification checks at the end of the local build run, so should be used sparingly to avoid hiding lint failures that could result in submission
failures later.

Author: added a note,

Reviewer: Here is the place where the need to add/remove files from the build service context is discussed.

Author: I left this alone.  Since this is in the notes section and I think covers the why.  The existing/current note also talked about the need to remove the old tar.gz just before I added the command snippet to remove the tar.gz. So, I think that have both is OK.

```bash
$ mkdir obs

> $ cd obs; osc co systemsmanagement:SCC suseconnect-ng -o .

Reviewer 2: I don't see the benefit of this change specifically. Since this is an example, it's better to be more clear, which having these two commands in separate lines achieve just fine.

Author: Will change, I had it on single line because so this was single cut and paste.

*Remember to delete the tarball associated with the previous version.*

Then run `osc service manualrun` to update the package. Note that `manualrun` can

> be abbrediated to `mr`. There should be only one suseconnect-ng-*.tar.xz file present.

Reviewer: See my comment below for the specifics of why we want to remove the existing source tarball before the `osc service manualrun`...

Author: I did.

So the existing suseconnect-ng-*.tar.xz must be removed and the new one added.

```bash

> $ osc rm suseconnect-ng-*.tar.xz # remove the previous tar.xz

Reviewer: The adding and removing of files in the build service state is covered below (currently line 181), though not in full command detail, and also covers the need to include/remove other files beyond the source tar ball... Perhaps you may want to expand that section also?

Technically all that is needed here is the simple rm of the existing source tarball pattern, to ensure that after the `osc service manualrun` runs there is only one possible source tarball when the `extract_file` service runs to extract files, given that it's target is a pattern `suseconnect-ng*.tar.xz`.

Author: Agreed. I use wild cards here to make it easier to cut and paste and possible script at some point.

Then run `osc service manualrun` to update the package. Note that `manualrun` can
be abbrediated to `mr`.
```bash

> # there should be only one suseconnect-ng-*.tar.xz file

Reviewer 2: The comment is repeated here and below. Instead of this, why don't you write this comment above before the code snippet?

> $ osc rm  suseconnect-ng-*.tar.xz # should remove the previous tar.xz

Reviewer: Double space after `rm` here and `add` below

Author: done

$ osc service manualrun
# there should be only one suseconnect-ng-*.tar.xz file

> $ osc add  suseconnect-ng-*.tar.xz # should add the tar.xz pulled in from  manualrun

Reviewer 2: Avoid inline comments. Moreover, this one isn't helpful at all, so I'd just remove it.

Author: removing that add comment.

`osc remove <filename>` or `osc addremove` commands.

Then use `osc commit` to submit the updated package to the OBS project.
```bash
$ osc commit

> ```

Reviewer 2: This adds nothing to the previous comment. Hence, maybe you can rephrase it to:

Then submit the updated package to the OBS project like so:

```
$ osc commit
```

Author: done

## Step 6. Verify updated package builds in OBS for relevant code streams

Check the status of the OBS package build one of:
* [suseconnect-ng package in OBS](https://build.opensuse.org/package/show/systemsmanagement:SCC/suseconnect-ng#build)
* the `osc results` command from the command line
```bash
$ osc results

> ```

Reviewer 2: Again like on `osc commit`

## Step 7. Submit the updated package to Factory

Determine if there are any outstanding requests with
```bash
$ osc request list
```
If there are outstanding requests then it needs to be determined if they are active or not.
The age and state should be used to to this. If there requests are more than a month old and in the
declined state, then new submission which supercedes the existing ones is needed.
If there are no requests, a submision is needed. If there is a request and it it very new, determine if
it was automatically created from the commit above.

> Submisions may not be triggered automatically, because

Reviewer: Missing an `s` in the `mission` part of `Submission`...

Reviewer: Note also that with this change it doesn't read well as a sentence...

Consider something like:

Check for an automatic submission, which may occur due to ... being the devel project for the ... in openSUSE:Factory. If no submission was created, please create a new submission manually targeting openSUSE:Factory.

Or something along those lines.

Author: Going to just remove. 
"Submissions may not be triggered automatically, because..."
While interesting it does not add information that is relevant to the doc.
Since here we are only concerned with whether an existing request needs to be superseded.

> Submisions may not be triggered automatically, because

Reviewer 3: s/Submisions/Submissions/

Author: done

[systemsmanagement:SCC/suseconnect-ng](https://build.opensuse.org/package/show/systemsmanagement:SCC/suseconnect-ng)
is the devel project for the `suseconnect-ng` package in openSUSE:Factory, submit
the updated package to openSUSE:Factory.

> 

Reviewer 2: Extra new line.

Author: thanks

## Step 7. Submit the updated package to Factory

Determine if there are any outstanding requests with
```bash
$ osc request list
```
If there are outstanding requests then it needs to be determined if they are active or not.
The age and state should be used to to this. If there requests are more than a month old and in the
declined state, then new submission which supercedes the existing ones is needed.
If there are no requests, a submission is needed. If there is a request and it it very new, determine if

> it was automatically created from the commit above.

Reviewer: This section needs to be re-worded I think...

```suggestion
If there is a recent request for the target stream that includes the intended
updated package content, this may indicate an automatic devel project/branch
submission was triggered, and there is no need to submit a new request; please
review the active request carefully to confirm it does in fact include the
intended content.

Otherwise, if there is no active request containing the desired updated package
content, a new request needs to be submitted for the target stream, it is OK to
supersede any existing requests if prompted to confirm doing so.
```

#### SLE 12 and SLE 15 update requests

The following should be the complete list of requests done via osc,
Please update this list as releases are added or removed:

```bash

> osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-12-SP2:Update

Reviewer: Consider adding a ` # for  SLE 12 SP5` here to make the release target for this clear...

And similarly below for other targets that may not be obvious.

> osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP4:Update

Reviewer: FYI these SLE 15 SP4/5 submissions also cover corresponding SLE Micro 5.x, with SLE 15 SP4 covering SLE Micro 5.3/4 and SLE 15 SP5 covering SLE Micro 5.5

> osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-12-SP2:Update # for  SLE 12 SP5

Reviewer: Double space before SLE

```suggestion
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-12-SP2:Update # for SLE 12 SP5
```

> osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP4:Update

Reviewer: This also for SLE Micro 5.3 & 5.4

```suggestion
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP4:Update # and SLE Micro 5.3 & 5.4
```

osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP5:Update

> osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP6:Update

Reviewer: Consider adding a ` # and SLE 15 SP7` here to clarify that this submission also covers SLE 15 SP7...

> osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP5:Update

Reviewer: This also covers SLE Micro 5.5

```suggestion
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP5:Update # and SLE Micro 5.5
```

> osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP6:Update # also updates SLE 15 SP7

Reviewer: Tweaking the phrasing to match above suggestions, and it is not so much that submitting to SLE 15 SP6 also updates SLE 15 SP7, but rather SP7 inherits from SP6...

```suggestion
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP6:Update # and SLE 15 SP7
```

osc -A https://api.suse.de sr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:ALP:Source:Standard:1.0

> osc -A https://api.suse.de sr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLFO:1.1

Reviewer: And similarly add ` # for SL Micro 6.1`

Author: done

> osc -A https://api.suse.de sr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:ALP:Source:Standard:1.0 # for ALP and SL Micro 6.0

Reviewer: Not sure that we need to say this is for ALP in the comment, so I would simplify to:

```suggestion
osc -A https://api.suse.de sr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:ALP:Source:Standard:1.0 # for SL Micro 6.0
```

#### SLE 12 and SLE 15 update requests

> For example to submit a maintenance update to SLE 15 SP6:

Reviewer 2: This was kept ambiguous on purpose because it changes every now and then. Hence, it's just better to get which channels are available for submit each time you plan a new release, and then submit a merge request for every channel. But as I said, this changes every now and then. Hence, I'd drop this change.

Reviewer: That was how I had reworked it on the previous redrafting but the feedback was to make things more explicit. ;-)

Author: Exactly. The goal here was to make this as cut and paste friendly as possible. I left the more generic directions below. This does mean that we have to maintain the specific commands but I think the over all this makes things easier to use and worth it.

Please update this list as releases are added or removed:

```bash
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-12-SP2:Update
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP4:Update
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP5:Update
osc -A https://api.suse.de mr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:SLE-15-SP6:Update

> osc -A https://api.suse.de sr Devel:SCC:suseconnect suseconnect-ng SUSE:ALP:Source:Standard:1.0

Reviewer 3: are ALP:Source:Standard:1.0 and SUSE:SLFO:1.1 part of SLE 15???

Reviewer: ALP ==> SL Micro 6.0, SLFO 1.1 ==> SL Micro 6.1, SLFO 1.2 ==> SLE 16.0 & SL Micro 6.2

Reviewer: Similar to the suggestion above, maybe add a ` # for SL Micro 6.0` here to remove the ambiguity...

Author: Added notes on what maps to what in table below.

  meaning that a submission is only needed for SP1 and it will get released
  on SP2 and SP3 also.

> * SUSE:SLE-15-SP3:Update:Products:MicroOS52:Update is past EOL and has been removed

Reviewer: Not sure of the real benefit of documenting target streams that have been dropped... So maybe just drop this?

Author: done

file.

## Step 10. Create the GitHub Release for the version tag

> This not be confused with "Step 4. Tagging the release". This step creates the release

Reviewer: Rather than quoting the section name, maybe make it into a friendly link back to the section:

```suggestion
This not be confused with [Step 4. Tagging the release](#step-4-tagging-the-release). This step creates the release
```

file.

## Step 10. Create the GitHub Release for the version tag
This not be confused with "Step 4. Tagging the release". This step creates the release
artifact in [SUSE/connect-ng](github.com/SUSE/connect-ng) repo on GitHub.

Once the new suseconnect-ng release has been successfully submitted, and any feedback
issues have been addressed, create a GitHub release matching the version tag used for
the maintenance updates.

This done via the GitHub web UI. Navigate to the [SUSE/connect-ng/releases area](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases) and
look at one of the existing release tags such as:
[v1.22.1](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases#release-v1.22.1)
to see the desired format and content.

The release is created via the "Draft a new release" button or directly from:
["Draft a new release" button](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases/new)
From "Tag: Select tag" pull down select the git tag created in Step 4 (i.e. v1.22.1)

> For Release Title: This is a text entry box and should be filled in with the git tag value for this release (i.e. v1.22.1)

Reviewer: Use quoting or similar to emphasize the version value in the example:

```suggestion
For Release Title: This is a text entry box and should be filled in with the git tag value for this release (i.e. `v1.22.1`)
```

Author: done

file.

## Step 10. Create the GitHub Release for the version tag
This not be confused with "Step 4. Tagging the release". This step creates the release

> actifact in the connect-ng github repo.

Reviewer: Should remain consistent with other repo name examples

```suggestion
actifact in the [SUSE/connect-ng](github.com/SUSE/connect-ng) repo on GitHub.
```

Author: Adding manually

Once the new suseconnect-ng release has been successfully submitted, and any feedback
issues have been addressed, create a GitHub release matching the version tag used for
the maintenance updates.

This done via the github web UI. Navigate to the release area for connect-ng:

> [https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases)

Reviewer: Use `GitHub` rather than `github` and use meaning full test rather than repeating the URL in the link reference

```suggestion
This done via the GitHub web UI. Navigate to the [SUSE/connect-ng/releases area](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases) and
```

Author: Updating manually

look at one of the existing release tags such as:

> [https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases#release-v1.22.1](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases#release-v1.22.1)

Reviewer: Use meaningful test in the link text rather than a url

```suggestion
look at one of the existing release tags such as [v1.22.1](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases#release-v1.22.1)
```

Author: making the change, but I really prefer the full text.  For me it makes cutting and pasting more intuitive.

to see the desired format and content.

The tag is created via the "Draft a new release" button or directly from:
[https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases/new](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases/new)

> from "Tag: Select tag" pull down select the git tag created in Step 4 (i.e. v1.22.1)

Reviewer: The `tag` already exists; you are creating a release from the existing tag. And again use meaningful text in the link text...

```suggestion
The release is created via the ["Draft a new release" button](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/releases/new).
From the "Tag: Select tag" pull down select the git tag created in Step 4 (i.e. `v1.22.1`)
```

Author: Done manually

For Release Title: This is a text entry box and should be filled in with the git tag value for this release (i.e. v1.22.1)

The contents of the "Release Notes" text box are created by copying the changelog entries for the release from:

> [https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/blob/main/build/packaging/suseconnect-ng.changes](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/blob/main/build/packaging/suseconnect-ng.changes)

Reviewer: Again use meaningful text for the link text:

```suggestion
The contents of the "Release Notes" text box are created by copying the changes list from the [suseconnect-ng.changes entry associated with the tag](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng/blob/main/build/packaging/suseconnect-ng.changes)
```

Author: done

Further updates to the changelog can handled via normal file editing; only
use `osc vc` to create the initial placeholder entry for a given version.

## Step 12. Tracking submissions

The maintenance update requests created in Step 9, will result in a number of URLs that can be

> used for tacking the state of the requests. For example, for 1.22.1:

Reviewer: Consider quoting or backtick wrapping the version reference to call it out:

```suggestion
used for tacking the state of the requests. For example, for `1.22.1`:
```

| [SLES 15.7](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.7&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.7|
| [SLES 15.6](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.6&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.6|
| [SLES 15.5](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.5|
| [SLES 15.4](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.4&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.4|
| [SLES 12.5](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=12.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 12.5|

If [scc.suse.com package search](https://scc.suse.com/packages) does not show the desired version as released, then [search suseconnect-ng in smelt](https://smelt.suse.de/search/?q=suseconnect-ng) to find the
expected release date. Click on "Created" until the "suseconnect-ng" submissions are in decending order by creation date. This

> should show number of "active" state suseconnect-ng packages. Clicking entry in the "ID" will show the "Planned release date".

Reviewer: Minor rewording

```suggestion
should show a number of "active" state suseconnect-ng packages. Clicking on an
entry's `ID` link will bring up a page showing "Planned release date" and
"Scheduled release date" fields providing useful information as to when the
package update will be released.
```

| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| -----|
| [SLES 16.1](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=16.1&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 16.1|
| [SLES 16.0](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=16.0&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 16.0|
| [SLES 15.7](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.7&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.7|
| [SLES 15.6](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.6&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.6|
| [SLES 15.5](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.5|
| [SLES 15.4](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.4&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.4|
| [SLES 12.5](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=12.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 12.5|

> If scc.suse.com does not show the desired version as released, then [search suseconnect-ng in smelt](https://smelt.suse.de/search/?q=suseconnect-ng) to find the

Reviewer: Maybe make scc.suse.com here a helpful link, e.g.

```suggestion
If [scc.suse.com package search](https://scc.suse.com/packages) does not show the desired version as released, then [search suseconnect-ng in smelt](https://smelt.suse.de/search/?q=suseconnect-ng) to find the
```

Author: done

Further updates to the changelog can handled via normal file editing; only
use `osc vc` to create the initial placeholder entry for a given version.

## Step 12. Tracking submissions

The maintenance update requests created in Step 9, will result in a number of URLs that can be
used for tacking the state of the requests. For example, for `1.22.1`:

| URL                                            | Stream                      |
| -----------------------------------------------| ----------------------------|
| https://src.suse.de/pool/suseconnect-ng/pulls/4| slfo-1.2 (SLE 16, Micro 6.2)|
| https://src.suse.de/pool/suseconnect-ng/pulls/3| slfo-main|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414112| SUSE:SLFO:1.1 (Micro 6.1)|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414111| SUSE:ALP:Source:Standard:1.0 (ALP, Micro 6.0)|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414100| SUSE:SLE-15-SP6:Update|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414110| SUSE:SLE-15-SP5:Update|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414109| SUSE:SLE-15-SP4:Update|

> | https://build.suse.de/request/show/414107| SUSE:SLE-12-SP2:Update|

Reviewer 2: I don't know if I would expose these internal links which are not reachable from outside SUSE. Do we really need this section?

Reviewer 3: I'm a bit torn on this... I think having explicit examples to reference for folks who haven't done this before and want to see previous instances of the publishing process is a good thing... but on principal I generally agree that we don't usually reference internal systems from external docs... we could put the examples on an internal page but then we're splitting the instructions into multiple places. I'm ok with either conclusion, just some motivations to think about.

Author: The document at least its current state has a number of references to suse internal systems. It walks thorough the process for creating both OBS and IBS SR/MRs. So, I think the intended audience is SUSE internal engineers, since we are the only people who ever package and publish suseconnect.

My goal in updating the document was to provide the information I wish had been in the document when I used it to do the 1.22.1 release. This feeds directly into the what information we need to provide in the Jira when releasing a new version of suseconnect. Since this is the level of detail we want in the jira, I think it should be reflected in the document.

I agree that having references to suse internal systems in a public open source project is not ideal, but so long as we do't expose any secrets we are not creating any vulnerabilities.

Another option would be to duplicate this documents contents in confluence and then just remove the PACKAGE.md file. I would be OK with that, I just don't want to have the information for release suseconnect split up in two different places.

Reviewer 3: On the whole I think I'd lean towards keeping the examples despite the internal references, guess it depends on how strongly @mssola feels about it. I think this is the preferred location for the publishing info, and I'm worried that filtering out the internal references would potentially leave gaps for folks coming to this new and we really want an A-Z publishing runbook that anyone (with the right permissions) can follow.

Reviewer 2: No strong opinions from my side. If we are generally ok with this, then I'm fine, and I agree it can be helpful. It's just a bit off to me to have something open source, and then reference to things which are just not publicly available. But it's fine and, as @brett060102 mentions, it's done in other places, so it's not a big deal.

| URL                                            | Stream                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| -----|
| [SLES 16.1](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=16.1&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 16.1|
| [SLES 16.0](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=16.0&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 16.0|
| [SLES 15.7](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.7&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.7|
| [SLES 15.6](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.6&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.6|
| [SLES 15.5](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.5|
| [SLES 15.4](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.4&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 15.4|

> | [SLES 12.5](https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=12.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=)| 12.5|

Reviewer 2: Similarly to the previous comment, I wouldn't be too verbose here. What about:

Once package updates have been accepted/merged, the [SCC package search page](https://scc.suse.com/psearch) can be used to determine if an updated package is available to users.

Then remove the table and we can go to the next paragraph you've written.

Author: Since we need to be this verbose when we complete the jira associated with releasing a new suseconnect, then I think the document should reflect this. It does mean that as the target release change we need to update the doc. I think that is OK. I think the this document is really a runbook for getting a new release out. Ideally someone with minimal knowledge should be able to take it, create a new release and track the progress of the release across the targeted OS streams.  We could just point people at the SCC search page, but then we would need to document how to use that page to get the information we need  to have in the jira. I think that having the direct search links makes the process easier and less error prone.

Reviewer 2: Gotcha!

Further updates to the changelog can handled via normal file editing; only
use `osc vc` to create the initial placeholder entry for a given version.

## Step 12. Tracking submissions

The maintenance update requests created in Step 9, will result in a number of URLs that can be
used for tacking the state of the requests. For example, for 1.22.1:

| URL                                            | Stream                      |
| -----------------------------------------------| ----------------------------|
| https://src.suse.de/pool/suseconnect-ng/pulls/4| slfo-1.2|
| https://src.suse.de/pool/suseconnect-ng/pulls/3| slfo-main|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414112| SUSE:SLFO:1.1|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414111| SUSE:ALP:Source:Standard:1.0|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414100| SUSE:SLE-15-SP6:Update|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414110| SUSE:SLE-15-SP5:Update|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414109| SUSE:SLE-15-SP4:Update|
| https://build.suse.de/request/show/414107| SUSE:SLE-12-SP2:Update|

Requests to src.suse.de will show as "Manually merged" and build.suse.de requests will show as "accepted".

## Step 12. Released Status

> Once package updates have been accepted/merged, the scc.suse.com can be used to determine update package is available to users.

Reviewer: I'd make the scc.suse.com reference here a more friendly link, and also there is a missing `if` between `determine` and `update`, and the latter should probably be `updated`...

```suggestion
Once package updates have been accepted/merged, the [scc.suse.com/packages search](https://scc.suse.com/pacckages) can be used to determine if an updated package is available to users yet.
```

Author: done

| URL                                            | Stream                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| -----|

> | https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=16.1&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=| 16.1|

Reviewer: Consider making these friendly links with more readable link text, rather than a raw URL.

| https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=16.0&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=| 16.0|
| https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.7&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=| 15.7|
| https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.6&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=| 15.6|
| https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=| 15.5|
| https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=15.4&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=| 15.4|
| https://scc.suse.com/packages?name=SUSE%20Linux%20Enterprise%20Server&version=12.5&arch=x86_64&query=suseconnect-ng&module=| 12.5|

> If scc.suse.com does not show the desired version as released, then https://smelt.suse.de/search/?q=suseconnect-ng can be used to find the

Reviewer: Consider using a link here rather than a raw url...

Author: done
